Tutorial for AML added. (#51)
kbayraktar/kbayraktar.github.io: te_markdown/heroes-create-aml.md

For GUI Automation the first thing to do is, to identify the GUI-Elements on the [Software Under Test](/te_markdown/terminology#software-under-test) sites. Meanwhile the most popular browser provider support developer tools to recognize web elements. In our example we use the 'Web Developer Tool' for Firefox. To activate the developer tool in an opened Firefox browser, just click the function key `F12` on your keyboard.    

The following steps are necessary to identify all Gui-Elements for every single test step.
- navigate to your Software Under Test with your preferred browser (in our example we use Firefox)
- open the 'Developer Tools' with the keyboard  shortcut `F12`.
- activate the inspection tool on the left upper corner of the Developer Tools' 
- click on the add button to show more attributes about this web element in the marked section of the 'Developer Tools' on the right. 

![screencase: recognize add button](/images/tutorial/tutorial_identify_add_button.gif "screencast: recognize add button")

The path for the add button which is shown in the screencast is:

`home > body > my-root > my-heroes > button`

> To become a better overview of all web-elements on one page you can summarize them as a [component](/te_markdown/terminology#component). In our example we name our page 'Heroes'   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a better overview of all web-elements on one page you can summarize them in a [component](/te_markdown/terminology#component). In our example we name our page 'Heroes'   
```
